Docs Update (first iteration) (#12)
serpapi/google-search-results-nodejs: README.md

- [Supported Engines](#supported-engines) 
- [Example by Specification](#example-by-specification) 
- [Extra APIs](#extra-apis)
  - [Location API](#location-api)
  - [Search Archive API](#search-archive-api)
  - [Account API](#account-api)
- [Promise and Callback](#promise-and-callback)
- [Coding Style](#coding-style)
- [Run Regression](#run-regression)
- [Error Management](#error-management)
- [Changelog](#change-log)
</details>

## Requirements

- ES6 basic understanding
- Node 7+ and [NPM installed](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm)

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install google-search-results-nodejs
```

## Quick start

The following example runs a search for `"coffee"` using your secret API key which you can find at [SerpApi Dashboard](https://serpapi.com/manage-api-key) page. 

[Open in the online IDE](https://replit.com/@serpapi/google-search-results-nodejs-quick-start?v=1) (Replit).

```javascript
const SerpApi = require('google-search-results-nodejs')
const search = new SerpApi.GoogleSearch("<your-serpapi-api-key>")

search.json({
 q: "Coffee", 
 location: "Austin, TX"
}, (result) => {
  console.log(result)
})
 ```

### How SerpApi backend works

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78694043/192951614-81ea265f-a8d4-49eb-9b51-10b09868b875.png)

Reviewer: I'm personally in love with your illustrations :hearts: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/282605/213178407-3a254b5d-e77f-4776-bc0c-414f2296aa88.png)

Reviewer 2: Me too. 😍

    nfpr: "1|0",                               // Exclusion of results from an auto-corrected query that is spelled wrong.                          
    num: "100",                                // Number of results per page.                                                                       
    start: "20",                               // Pagination offset.                                                                                
    ijn:"1",                                   // Page number for Google Images.                                                                    
    tbm: "nws|isch|shop|lcl|vid",              // Type of search: news, images, shopping. local, video results.                                                         
    tbs: "custom to be search criteria",       // Advanced search for patents, dates, news, videos, images, apps, or text contents                  
    async: True|False,                         // Allow async request.
    no_cache: True|False                       // Force SerpApi to fetch the Google results even if a cached version is already present             
}

> callback = (data) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const callback = (data) => {
```

| [Bing](https://serpapi.com/bing-search-api)                                  | `BingSearch()`          |
| [Baidu](https://serpapi.com/baidu-search-api)                                | `BaiduSearch()`         |
| [DuckDuckGo](https://serpapi.com/duckduckgo-search-api)                      | `DuckDuckGoSearch()`    |
| [Yahoo](https://serpapi.com/yahoo-search-api)                                | `YahooSearch()`         |
| [Yandex](https://serpapi.com/yandex-search-api)                              | `YandexSearch()`        |
| [eBay](https://serpapi.com/ebay-search-api)                                  | `EbaySearch()`          |
| [Youtube](https://serpapi.com/youtube-search-api)                            | `YoutubeSearch()`       |
| [Walmart](https://serpapi.com/walmart-search-api)                            | `WalmartSearch()`       |
| [HomeDepot](https://serpapi.com/home-depot-search-api)                       | `HomeDepotSearch()`     |
| [Apple App Store](https://serpapi.com/apple-app-store)                       | `AppleAppStoreSearch()` |
| [Naver](https://serpapi.com/naver-search-api)                                | `NaverSearch()`         |

> | [Yelp](https://serpapi.com/yelp-search-api)                                  | `YelpSearch()`          |

Reviewer: `Supported Engines` table is 990 px tall. (Not fitting one screen with 1080p resolution.)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/282605/213187278-364caa02-d750-4f00-832f-5b8f4ebb3f62.png)

Author: @ilyazub should we keep it? Possibly it would better look and be easier to read if we wrap it with the `<details>` element like so:

<details>
<summary>Google Search Engine and 10+ engines...</summary>

| Engine                                                                       | Class name              |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| [Google Search Engine](https://serpapi.com/search-api)                       | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Maps](https://serpapi.com/google-maps-api)                           | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Jobs](https://serpapi.com/google-jobs-api)                           | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Trends](https://serpapi.com/google-trends-api)                       | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Autocomplete](https://serpapi.com/google-autocomplete-api)           | `GoogleScholarSearch()` |
| [Google About This Result](https://serpapi.com/google-about-this-result)     | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Lens](https://serpapi.com/google-lens-api)                           | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Finance](https://serpapi.com/google-finance-api)                     | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Related Questions](https://serpapi.com/google-related-questions-api) | `GoogleScholarSearch()` |
| [Google Scholar](https://serpapi.com/google-scholar-api)                     | `GoogleScholarSearch()` |
| [Google Play Store](https://serpapi.com/google-play-api)                     | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Product](https://serpapi.com/google-product-api)                     | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Immersive Product](https://serpapi.com/google-immersive-product-api) | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Reverse Image](https://serpapi.com/google-reverse-image)             | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Events](https://serpapi.com/google-events-api)                       | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Google Local Services](https://serpapi.com/google-local-services-api)       | `GoogleSearch()`        |
| [Bing](https://serpapi.com/bing-search-api)                                  | `BingSearch()`          |
| [Baidu](https://serpapi.com/baidu-search-api)                                | `BaiduSearch()`         |
| [DuckDuckGo](https://serpapi.com/duckduckgo-search-api)                      | `DuckDuckGoSearch()`    |
| [Yahoo](https://serpapi.com/yahoo-search-api)                                | `YahooSearch()`         |
| [Yandex](https://serpapi.com/yandex-search-api)                              | `YandexSearch()`        |
| [eBay](https://serpapi.com/ebay-search-api)                                  | `EbaySearch()`          |
| [Youtube](https://serpapi.com/youtube-search-api)                            | `YoutubeSearch()`       |
| [Walmart](https://serpapi.com/walmart-search-api)                            | `WalmartSearch()`       |
| [HomeDepot](https://serpapi.com/home-depot-search-api)                       | `HomeDepotSearch()`     |
| [Apple App Store](https://serpapi.com/apple-app-store)                       | `AppleAppStoreSearch()` |
| [Naver](https://serpapi.com/naver-search-api)                                | `NaverSearch()`         |
| [Yelp](https://serpapi.com/yelp-search-api)                                  | `YelpSearch()`          |

</details>

WDYT?

## Example by specification

> We love open source, continuous integration and [Test Driven Development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development) (TDD). We are using [RSpec](http://rspec.info/) to test [our infrastructure around the clock](https://travis-ci.org/serpapi/google-search-results-python) to achieve the best [Quality of Service](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quality_of_service) (QoS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We love open source, continuous integration and [Test Driven Development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development) (TDD). We are using [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) to test [our infrastructure around the clock](https://travis-ci.org/serpapi/google-search-results-nodejs) to achieve the best [Quality of Service](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quality_of_service) (QoS).
```
